Document inline stylesheets (#3355)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/styling.mdx

If you are using Tailwind, the [typography plugin](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/typography-plugin) can be useful for styling Markdown.

## Production

### Bundle control

> When Astro builds your site for production deployment it combines your CSS into chunks. Each page on your site is its own chunk, and CSS that is shared between multiple pages are split off into their own chunks.

Author: Yep, looks good!

In each of your HTML files there will be `<link rel="stylesheet">` tags added for each of the chunks that the pages needs.

> In a site with a large number of pages and many different shared pieces of styles this can some times lead to many requests for styles. Astro has a way to minimize requests through the `inlineStylesheets` option. Using this option Astro will put the (minimized) stylesheet into a `<style>` tag rather than request it externally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sites with a large number of pages and many different shared styles can lead to many stylesheet requests and affect site performance. You can configure the `inlineStylesheets` option to reduce the number of these requests by putting (minimized) stylesheets into a `<style>` tag rather than request them externally.
```
I think "shared styles" or even "shared chunks" is OK here. 

Also, I think we can be tighter about saying it can lead to many requests to get to the reason that's actually a problem. (I've generically thrown in "site performance" there, but you could describe exactly what issue is faced such as a slower build time or slower page load time.)

```js
import { defineConfig } from 'astro/config';

export default defineConfig({
  build: {
    inlineStylesheets: 'auto'
  }
});
```

> The `'auto'` option will inline only the stylesheets that are below the `vite.build.assetsInlineLimit` threshold, reducing the number of requests for smaller sheets. Larger stylesheets, such as global ones used by all pages, will still be fetched externally and cached. This option provides a balance between ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `'auto'` option will inline only the stylesheets that are below the `vite.build.assetsInlineLimit` threshold, reducing the number of requests for smaller sheets. Larger stylesheets, such as global ones used by all pages, will still be fetched externally and cached. This option provides a balance between ...
```
Just checking that you saw I trailed off here, @matthewp , expecting you to add something.... :smile:

> When using the `'auto'` option Astro will inline stylesheets that are below the `vite.build.assetsInlineLimit` threshold. This is usually a good option as bigger sheets, such as global ones used by all pages, will be fetched externally and cached, while smaller sheets, such as a page's own styles, will be inlined.
> 
> You can also set this option to `'always'` which will inline all stylesheets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `'auto'` option will inline only the stylesheets that are below the `vite.build.assetsInlineLimit` threshold, reducing the number of requests for smaller sheets. Larger stylesheets, such as global ones used by all pages, will still be fetched externally and cached. This option provides a balance between ...

You can also set this option to `'always'` which will inline all stylesheets.
```
Wondering whether a tiny line at the end to make the tradeoff clear might be useful?

> The `'auto'` option will inline only the stylesheets that are below the `vite.build.assetsInlineLimit` threshold, reducing the number of requests for smaller sheets. Larger stylesheets, such as global ones used by all pages, will still be fetched externally and cached. This option provides a balance between the number of stylesheets loaded and the amount of styles that can be cached between pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `'auto'` option will inline only the stylesheets that are below the `vite.build.assetsInlineLimit` threshold, reducing the number of requests for smaller sheets. Larger stylesheets, such as global ones used by all pages, will still be fetched externally and cached. This option provides a balance between the number of stylesheets loaded and the styles that can be cached between pages.
```
